Z-Wave controllers on Yellow: Add additional modules to list (#27037)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/z-wave/controllers.markdown

</div>

#### Setting up a Raspberry Pi Z-Wave module on Home Assistant Yellow

This procedure has been tested with the following modules:

  * Aeotec Z-Pi 7 Raspberry Pi HAT/Shield
  * Z-Wave.Me RaZberry 7
  * Z-Wave.Me RaZberry 7 Pro

> 1. Make sure the Aeotec Z-Pi 7 is properly seated on the Home Assistant Yellow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure the module is properly seated on the Home Assistant Yellow. 
```

>    ![Aeotex Z-Pi 7 on Home Assistant Yellow](/images/docs/z-wave/zpi-7-yellow.jpg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Aeotec Z-Pi 7 on Home Assistant Yellow](/images/docs/z-wave/zpi-7-yellow.jpg).
```
